you
athletics returns the lakeside stadium
but it's an XC r 13 road race that we're
here for Victorian 10-kilometer Road
Shepherd ship has a new home right on
the doorstep of the Athletics Victoria
headquarters the women's race include
addressed Australian half marathon
champion Mickey chapel 2012 Limpy and
Lisa weapon and visiting from South
Australia Tara palm
out front in the men's race at halfway
was a big pack with steve kelly leading
a number of his box hill teammates
incidence mitch brown anja long's brady
thelwall were also prominent nikki
chapel and lisa weapon were close but
plenty of the men to work with palm was
third just ahead of melissa duncan
approaching the finish mitch brown had
broken away and went on to win in 29
minutes 52
steve kelly had to settle for second in
this race while box hills Anthony alibi
CEO was third Nikki Chapel went on to
win the women's event in 32 minutes 41
well Lisa waymond was 28 seconds back in
second tom was third across the line was
Melissa Duncan next to take the bronze
in the Victorian championship which tell
us about the race it looked like there
was a big pack rolling around for a long
time yeah definitely through the early
stages there were a lot of guys that
were prepared to do the work I know
obviously Steve and I did feel a little
bit bad letting him take the windows as
much as he did but he was very much
attacking into into those strong
headwind areas an televisi oh and andrew
white so a lot of guys are pushing it up
the front and everyone sort of sharing
the load so so it was good in that sense
broke things up a little bit and
everyone kind of took their turn to to
do a bit of the work so it worked out
quite well in that sense and how did you
find a new course two laps on around
albert park and then finishing on the
track did you feel a bit faster coming
onto the blue track at the end i was a
fantastic finishing to have made the
break by by that stage obviously and and
come into the track as the clear leader
was it was a nice feeling having the
crowd up in the stands and yeah bit like
an olympic marathon coming him to do
that last 300 so that was great to be
honest I was a little bit iffy on the
whole idea of a double out and back but
but it was a much much more enjoyable
course and I thought and I can
definitely see a big future in the the
10k being permanently in albert park
event and what are your plans now for
the rest of winter there are a few races
left in the XC our season national cross
coming up what's on the cards for you
yeah well I was a bit of a slow start to
this year I've done a lot of racing last
year probably too much racing and worn
myself into the ground a little bit at
the time it was really crucial so I've
only just started building in towards a
bit more of a peak I guess and eating
getting the business end of the season
now so so national cross in a few weeks
will be a big focus as a result of that
I'm going to do the race at at lab and
park rather than city2surf this year to
be honest I thought that would be a good
chance to get my first ever xcr win but
but I've managed to do it today which is
nice so national cross maybe look at a
fun run after that
like city to buy and then get back into
to building up for for zadapec at the
end of the year which is obviously the
trial for calm game so it's very
exciting we joined here by voxels Nikki
chapel Victorian 10k champion Nikki
how's the race on the new Albert Park
course oh yeah I think it was a pretty
fast course um I thought it was gonna be
a little bit windy out there wasn't as
bad as we all thought so there's good
good fastball and who are you running
with obviously running with the men
there's always someone to sit with or
sit behind how did you find that you
find someone to pace off um yeah well
there's always somebody to try and catch
him and run with there's a little bit
chaotic at the start of thing but now it
was good and you've got the world champs
coming up soon in Moscow how's the
training going for that what we do
between now and the race start to taper
off a little bit now but everything's
been going well so hopefully next time
around I'm a bit quicker
earlier in the day a three kilometer
event was held for a number of the
junior age groups first across the line
for the men was been work and
collingwood of the women it was Western
athletics Amy Ketchum
so tuned for more athletic section on
aspect to be
you